docs(nuxt): Add installation methods (#11983)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/guides/nuxt/install/cli-import.mdx

---
title: --import CLI flag
sidebar_order: 2
description: "Learn about using the node `--import` CLI flag."
---

## Understanding the `--import` CLI Flag

The [`--import` CLI flag](https://nodejs.org/api/cli.html#--importmodule) in Node allows you to preload modules before the application starts.

> This flag is crucial for ensuring proper server-side initialization, as Sentry needs to be initialized before the rest of the application runs.

Reviewer: I'd make it clear that this is only crucial if users need to follow this guide (assuming users got to this page without reading "Installation Methods" carefully. 

```suggestion
If you cannot use the SDK's <PlatformLink to="/install/dynamic-import/">default dynamic import behaviour</PlatformLink>, setting this flag is crucial for ensuring proper server-side initialization, as Sentry needs to be initialized before the rest of the application runs.
```

## Scenarios where `--import` does not work

> - You are not able to add Node CLI flags or environment variables that are scoped to the function runtime

Reviewer: l: we usually use shorthands (docs team, correct me if I'm wrong :D )

```suggestion
- You're not able to add Node CLI flags or environment variables that are scoped to the function runtime
```

- As of now, Netlify only supports adding scoped environment variables in the paid plan
- As of now, Vercel does not provide an option for scoping environment variables

If any of those points apply to you, you cannot use the `--import` flag to initialize Sentry on the server-side.

> Check out the guide for using <PlatformLink to="/install/dynamic-import/">dynamic import</PlatformLink> as this might be a better choice for you.

Reviewer: l:
```suggestion
Check out the guide for using <PlatformLink to="/install/dynamic-import/">dynamic import</PlatformLink> instead.
```

## Initializing Sentry with `--import`

To successfully use the `--import` flag, follow these steps:

### 1. Disable Dynamic Import

> First, you have to first disable the dynamic import.
> This can be done by setting `dynamicImportForServerEntry` to `false`:

Reviewer: l: we usually just tell people what to do :D

```suggestion
First, disable the dynamic import by setting `dynamicImportForServerEntry` to `false`:
```
